hannya just posted a video reflecting on
the many disadvantages and dangers of
being a micro famous on the Internet of
choosing to share your life with the
public on YouTube etc why would anyone
do that what would motivate you to put
your career at risk your professional
reputation of the line to be subject to
insults innuendo surreal stories being
made up about your sex life definition
insults threats of violence what will be
worth it there's only one thing that's
worth it and that is the future of the
vegan movement in many ways it's a
movement that right now doesn't even
exist but if you believe that there's a
future for it and that you have a part
to play in it that you have something
positive you can contribute then that is
the one reason that is the one thing
that makes it worthwhile to be online
doing what we do and if you don't
believe that or if you've lost your
faith in that or if you've lost faith
that this digital demi-monde can play a
positive role in that then you should
quit you should get out now you guys may
not see this you may not hear this but
the question of what I can do what small
positive contribution I can make in the
next five years is on my mind all the
time when I'm talking to these other
vegans it was on my mind when i
interviewed vegan gains i'm not worried
about my next video upload I'm not
worried about his next video I'm not
worried about my next five
thousand viewers or my next 5,000
subscribers I'm worried about the next
five years I talked about that with him
explicitly I think almost everyone I've
talked to at least recently you know our
conversations towards the end when I'm
hanging up on skype one of the things i
say again and again is look I hope I
still know you five years from now I
want to keep in touch I want to keep
talking about what we can actually do
whether it's in Canada or Cambodia or
Japan or wherever you might be that
basic framework of trying to cooperate
with your fellow man to build a better
future for veganism itself for the
animals for the planet for ecology for
ethics politics and the 21st century
when that guides what you're doing in
talking other vegans it changes
everything okay it's different and you
may make some videos in which you wear a
bikini and you may make some videos in
which you act out comedy sketches and
you may make videos in which you sing
and dance and laugh you may make some
videos that are just silly or just
sharing parts your private life for the
sake of sharing them with your audience
no more no less that's fine not every
video should be about politics on my
channel not every video is about
politics but I'm here to answer the
question that Hannah asks what could
justify the sacrifice and even the
danger that we put ourselves in you know
not money not Fame
micro fame it's the future of the
movement no more no less hannya talks
about a hypothetical scenario of someone
who was a little bit famous on YouTube
being shot and killed I think was an
actual event that happened she was
saying hypothetically is this the kind
of danger I could lead to for her um she
says that's not what she signed up
that's what I signed up for I don't mind
dying I don't want to die over something
meaningless I don't want to die for the
sake of videos that are about bikinis
and beaches and bicycles and vacations
but you know if you told me that it was
in my future to be shot dead for this
cause for this movement doesn't shock me
doesn't scare me I think it's worth it
and meanwhile assuming i never get shot
or assuming i'm not going to get shot
anytime soon day to day what we do here
if it's in that framework of caring
about the next five years in the next 50
years of actually approaching your
fellow vegans with an eye on what we can
make happen to make an actual difference
in the real world takes a lot of love
there's a kind of love that you need to
have to be trying to build those you've
got to be willing to reach out to your
fellow man with all due humility and ask
the question what can we make happen in
the next five years and the answer may
be really humble I don't know what good
can come of my cooperating with vegan
gains in the next five years maybe
nothing I don't know what good can come
of my cooperating with the light twins
in the next five years maybe nothing I
don't know if in the next five years all
of my time is going to be taken up just
in a struggle to earn money just to
spend time with my daughter I'm divorced
so we'll be on some kind of schedule to
visit her during some months and not
others etc etc I don't know to what
extent in the next five years YouTube
itself is going to disappear for my life
or the options I have to make a pause
the difference may get smaller fewer
narrower more and more limited I don't
know but yeah day-to-day it actually
takes a kind of love to approach people
again and again in this needlessly
hostile bickering backstabbing
scandal-mongering context and ask how
can we make something positive happen
in the next five years guys that's the
only thing that's worthwhile ok that's
the sub-basement to this game that's the
realest thing at the foundation is the
reason to be here it's the reason to
bring your life online it's the reason
to risk at all your reputation your
privacy in theory your life and limb I
don't really believe it's that dangerous
but and you raise the question so I'm
going to answer it and if you don't have
that commitment and you don't have that
kind of love then for real you know I
can sympathize but you should get out of
the game